fix(rbac): allow for super users to have allow all access (#1208)
janus-idp/backstage-plugins: plugins/rbac-backend/README.md

        - name: group:default/admins
```

> The RBAC plugin also enables you to grant users the title of 'super user,' which provides them with unrestricted access throughout the Backstage instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The RBAC plugin also enables you to grant users the title of 'super user', which provides them with unrestricted access throughout the Backstage instance.
```
